README.md, before:

 # TOM CREAN QUIZ

 In this Quiz is for users that already have the knowlege of Tom Crean and his explorations to the Sout Pole, 
 and for users that had never heard of him. Questions and anwsers are humorus in nature and help the User gain historical knowlege 
 about Tom Crean and have fun while learning. It composes 4 possible anwsers to the question. In the end of the Quiz links are presented for Users that would like to learn more about the Antartic Explorer.

 ## Contents
 
 ### UX
 ### Am I responsive
 ### Design
 ### Features
 ### Langugaes used
 ### Frameworks
     Frameworks were build using Balsamiq

- Desktop 

![Frame-one](assets/images/wireframe-desktop1.png)
![Frame-two](assets/images/wireframe-desktop2.png)
![Frame-three](assets/images/wireframe-desktop3.png)
![Frame-four](assets/images/wireframe-desktop4.png)
![Frame-five](assets/images/wireframe-desktop5.png)
![Frame-six](assets/images/wireframe-desktop6.png)
![Frame-seven](assets/images/wireframe-desktop7.png)
![Frame-eight](assets/images/wireframe-desktop8.png)
![Frame-nine](assets/images/wireframe-desktop9.png)

- Mobile

![Frame-one-mobile](assets/images/wireframe-mobile1.png)
![Frame-two-mobile](assets/images/wireframe-mobile2.png)
![Frame-three-mobile](assets/images/wireframe-mobile3.png)
    


## BUGS
1. JS for True and False statments
⋅⋅⋅When inspecting my progress in deployed site I have noticed, that my understanding of JS regarding the True and False statments is wrong. I thought that I can create more that one false statment. I have reverted back to student content in JS Essentials and Love Math Project, for better understanding.

Will Implement the changes in HTML and JS structure for Multiple Choice Quiz.

Commit message:

Add variables for questions, render a question function and add event listner to start the game.

README.md, after:

 # TOM CREAN QUIZ

 In this Quiz is for users that already have the knowlege of Tom Crean and his explorations to the Sout Pole, 
 and for users that had never heard of him. Questions and anwsers are humorus in nature and help the User gain historical knowlege 
 about Tom Crean and have fun while learning. It composes 4 possible anwsers to the question. In the end of the Quiz links are presented for Users that would like to learn more about the Antartic Explorer.

 ## Contents
 
 ### UX
 ### Am I responsive
 ### Design
 ### Features
 ### Langugaes used
 ### Frameworks
     Frameworks were build using Balsamiq

- Desktop 

![Frame-one](assets/images/wireframe-desktop1.png)
![Frame-two](assets/images/wireframe-desktop2.png)
![Frame-three](assets/images/wireframe-desktop3.png)
![Frame-four](assets/images/wireframe-desktop4.png)
![Frame-five](assets/images/wireframe-desktop5.png)
![Frame-six](assets/images/wireframe-desktop6.png)
![Frame-seven](assets/images/wireframe-desktop7.png)
![Frame-eight](assets/images/wireframe-desktop8.png)
![Frame-nine](assets/images/wireframe-desktop9.png)

- Mobile

![Frame-one-mobile](assets/images/wireframe-mobile1.png)
![Frame-two-mobile](assets/images/wireframe-mobile2.png)
![Frame-three-mobile](assets/images/wireframe-mobile3.png)
    


## BUGS
1. JS for True and False statments
⋅⋅⋅When inspecting my progress in deployed site I have noticed, that my understanding of JS regarding the True and False statments is wrong. I thought that I can create more that one false statment. I have reverted back to student content in JS Essentials and Love Math Project, for better understanding.
FIX:
Will Implement the changes in HTML and JS structure for Multiple Choice Quiz.

2. Start Quiz 
⋅⋅⋅When re-building the quiz into correct form, I have merged quiz.html and index.html. Missing the function for start of Quiz.
FIX:
Added the funtion in JS.
